## Fixing the Coin Interrupt Issue
### 

In one of the earlier journals, I outlined how the ESP32 did not accept the use of floats within the interrupt ISR function. The interrupt function is called every time the coin makes conact with the two copper plates. In order to avoid the same coin being counted several times (and as a result, firing off several interrupt functions), a calculation was made to ensure any further contact within the 1 second range was nullified and ignored. To do this, the system used a time calculation involving floats. This, of course, resulted in an error. 

I solved this by using an odd method of detaching the interrupt, flushing out the pending interrupts using a blank function, and reattaching the interrupt with a few delays here and there. Not only is this unreliable, it is poorly calculated as the delays cannot be predicted or managed to 1 second. As a result, I wanted to find out how I might go about fixing this issue by using a more sensible method. I came across the use of the `millis()` function to grab the current time in milliseconds since the Arduino/ESP32 has begun running. The previous Crowbox code made use of the same function, but converted this from the and integer to floats. I found this odd, as a majority of examples and standard work online make use of the `unsigned long` type instead. This not only offers more precision, but also avoids the processing complexities of handling floats. So I have switched back to the previous method developed by the Crowbox team, replacing the floats with unsigned long types instead. Doing so allowed the crowbox to handle the coin deposits seamlessly. 
