## The Project Reinvented
### 29/06/21

I have spent a good amount of time understanding how the current version of the crow-box is built by watching the videos provided by them as well as studying the CAD designs. I have also been reviewing all the feedback and discussions on the Crow Box google forum, alongside introducing myself to the community. 

I am in the process of narrowing down the scope of the project by creating a list of objectives that will lead to a successful project. The more I understand the crow box, the more I realise the potential difficulties I may face. The main difficulty being the time constraint, as mentioned in my previous [Journal Entry](https://github.com/iamastic/CrowBox2.0/blob/main/Journal/002%20-%20Issues%20with%20the%20Scope%20and%20Testing.md#issues-with-the-scope-and-testing). Testing several iterations of the box on crows / other corvids would require a significant amount of time. The crow box goes through 4 stages of training the birds, each stage requiring up to a couple of weeks to allow the birds to acclimatise themselves to the box. As a result, I am inclined to switch the focus from developing/updating the crow box for crows to instead developing the box for humans. By this, I mean I would like to focus more on the User Experience rather than the crow's experience. I would like to work on this project with the assumption that the fundamental idea behind the crow box is valid (i.e. it is possible to train corvids to deposit coins in a box through a reward system). As a result, I would then be focussing on creating a box that is more user friendly and accessible. I believe by focussing on the User rather than the crows, I will be able to better test the product and also better apply my CS skills (e.g. programming). I feel, that if I were to focus heavily on building a better box for the crows, I would be focussing more on improving the hardware (e.g. the look, sturdiness, material etc) than I would the software. 

Here are a few things I would like to focus on to improve the user experience of the box: 
* Build a troubleshooting response system for when certain mechanisms of the box stop working. I have noted that issues such as the food access lid getting jammed due to the motor, or the switches not opening the lid, or the coin not being sensed by the box are all issues faced by the user. It would be effective if the user could get immediate feedback on the issues rather than having to constantly monitor the box to check if it is working. 
* A system that informs the user that the coin dispenser is empty. This would be important in Stage 3, where the user is providing the corvids with the coins. If the coin holder was to be empty and the user was ignorant of this, then the training may become ineffective as the crows would lose interest in the box (as there are no coins available for depositing to open the lid to the food). 
* A water/humidity sensor. This would be an additional waterproofing step taken to ensure the electronics do not get damaged in the case of water leaking through. 
* As my Supervious suggested, a light system to inform the user which Mode/Stage the Arduino is currently set in. I would like to create a control system that allows the user to press buttons (either remote control or a button system on the side of the box) to switch effectively between different stages. 

There are also some interesting ideas from the Crow Box [wiki](http://thecrowbox.com/wiki/doku.php?id=kit:future_features), one of which I would like to work on in particular:
* Integrating the cloud-based data logger. This would allow users to create profiles and seamlessly upload their images to repositories on the cloud. This would enable mass data collection and allow others who do not have access to the box to analyse the data. Data can include images, number of coins deposited, location, time of day, type of food (what attracts crows the most?). 



