## The ESP82600
### 29/08/21

The main objective of this project is to integrate an IoT (Internet of Things) system into the current iteration of the Crow Box. In order to achieve this, I must first connect the Arduino Uno R3 with the internet. 

The Crow Box functions on an Arduino Uno R3. The Arduino records when a crow lands on the perch of the box, it handles the opening and closing of the food lid, and it also handles the input of a coin. However, the Arduino Uno does not have any inherent WiFi capabilities.

In order to introduce WiFi capabilities, there are a couple of options. 
* Ethernet Shield 
* WiFi Module 

I decided to go with the WiFi module. The Ethernet sheild has a few issues, such as being too large in size as well as expensive. Depending on the WiFi module selected, they are extremely cheap as well as suitable small and can therefore be accommodated into the current physical build of the Crow Box. 

The most common WiFi Module is the ESP8266 (01). This is an inexpensive addon to the Arduino Uno that allows the Arduino to communicate with a device over WiFi. Upon purchasing the [ESP8266](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ESP8266), I tried connecting it directly with the Arduino Uno. 

I followed this [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ54De84Ww4&ab_channel=MustafaQamar-ud-Din). Initially, everything ran smoothly. I was able to successfully connect with the ESP8266 and was able to communicate with it through the AT command language. 

However, upon sending it the command to reset (AT+RST), my ESP8266 failed to respond and shot out garbage instead. It then remained locked in an unusual loop. Upon further research, I soon learnt that this was due to the incompatibility between the Arduino Uno and the ESP8266. The incompatibility occurs due to the Arduino Uno requiring as well as outputting 5V whereas the ESP8266 runs on 3.3V. This posed a major issue. In order to get this set up working, I would have to invest in a particular level shifter system to manage the voltage. I quickly realised that this would begin to go against the purpose of this project. The ultimate goal is to improve the User Experience. By introducing multiple complex elements where the user must source various devices would lower the User Experience. 

As a result, upon doing more research, I found a suitable replacement: The NodeMCU which runs on an ESP8266. This is a module that is very similar to the Arduino Uno, however, it is significantly cheaper and has built in WiFi Capabilities. 

I will be using this NodeMCU module to transfer data from a humidity sensor to a realtime data collection API called ThingSpeak. This will be detailed in my next journal entry. 
